README.MD, before:

# React Boilerplate
A light weight alternative to using Creat-React-App.

Create-React-App is great, but it is also really large and really confusing.  It does too much.  This is a way of bootstrapping your React projects without all of the overhead associated with ejecting your project and digging through the build scripts.  Its a simple transparent React project boilerplate.

# Get Started
React Boilerplate uses a library called degit to generate new React projects.  You will need to install this globally if you haven't already done so.
```bash
npm install -g degit
```

Create the directory you want to generate the project into.  Then change directory to that new directory.
```bash
mkdir new_project
cd new_project
```

Finally run the command to generate you new project and enjoy!!!
```bash
degit jfehrman/react-boilerplate
```

And you are done!  The project is generated.  *You will have to install all of the projects packages now.*

# Who is this for
This project is really for me to use, but I've made it available for others.  It has some opinions in it and I would encourage those who don't share the opionions to use Create-React-App or fork this project and alter it to match your opinions.

Commit message:

Creating a generator section in the readme.md file.

README.MD, after:

# React Boilerplate
A light weight alternative to using Creat-React-App.

Create-React-App is great, but it is also really large and really confusing.  It does too much.  This is a way of bootstrapping your React projects without all of the overhead associated with ejecting your project and digging through the build scripts.  Its a simple transparent React project boilerplate.

# Get Started
React Boilerplate uses a library called [degit](https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit) to generate new React projects.  You will need to install this globally if you haven't already done so.
```bash
npm install -g degit
```

Create the directory you want to generate the project into.  Then change directory to that new directory.
```bash
mkdir new_project
cd new_project
```

Finally run the command to generate you new project and enjoy!!!
```bash
degit jfehrman/react-boilerplate
```

And you are done!  The project is generated.  *You will have to install all of the projects packages now.*

# Usage
## Generator
This project uses [React Generator](https://github.com/jfehrman/react-generator) and will allow you to generate React components easily.

To run a generator you can run the command:
```bash
yarn generate
```

# Who is this for
This project is really for me to use, but I've made it available for others.  It has some opinions in it and I would encourage those who don't share the opionions to use Create-React-App or fork this project and alter it to match your opinions.
